To amidst his image I of course want to use my image pick custom event and I actually want to allow
to even emit a string here or what you can do by adding one pipe here.
A file file is a default javascript type.
Now of course we do convert our image here to base64 string and so we could image that string here wouldn't
be wrong.
It would work but later we haven't added this yet but later we will actually convert dead base64 string
to a file that we can upload.
We need to do this for the camera where we get such a base64 string.
Here we already get a file.
So converting it to a string and then converting it back sounds a bit redundant.
So they have for a year I want to emit my picked file with the image pig event here just like dead.
So I want a mid picked file here without errors.
And now we're doing that.
Now we're emitting a file picked through your file picker as well.
The next step is now to continue with that in the new offer page and there of course we're receiving
that image data and dad no longer is just a string.
It could also be a file of course.
Therefore here in on image pick and then you offer a component where we get either a string which is
the space 64 you are L or where we get the file first of all have to check the type of image data and
if that is a string I want to do something else I want to do something else because else it's a file
and if it's a file I don't need to convert it if it is a string I need to convert it to a file though.
Now to make that conversion we'll use your utility function which you'll find attached to this video.
You can just paste it here into your component file above the add component decorator below your imports
does a function Dad will basically convert base64 string as we're getting it to a blob which in the
end is a file so you can just copy that in.
Don't need to change anything there and an on image picked here if we have such a base64 string which
we need to convert you can now call base64 to blob and pass your image data in there.
Now important it won't work like that.
Instead you need to call replace on that image data string and replace a string which is data colon
image slash J PAC semicolon base 64 comma with nothing.
Because this basically is a prefix that the image is generated by the camera plug in will have.
And this basically turns it into an invalid base64 string that can be converted by this method.
So we have to remove it which is what we're doing here
D.
Base64 to blob method here also requires a second argument and that is the content type and that will
always be image JPEG because the capacitor camera plugin gives you cheap hack images.
So now does gives us a file but of course we want to store that falls somewhere and I'll store it in
my image file property year and it is a good idea to all to wrap this with a try block so that in case
this conversion fails for whatever reason we can catch the error and then do something with it here.
So for example throw an alert and inform and inform the user that this image can be used and that he
should choose a number one for example but for us this should really work and this app here.
Still good idea to provide a fallback or handle the error somehow.
Now that is the case that we're getting such a base64 string.
If we are getting file so an image file then we don't really need to do anything too fancy with it we
can just use it as it is because that is now the next thing I want to add a new control here on our
form.
We do have that location control which we add it now at a image control here which is a new forum control
and the initial value should be null.
And here I also will not set any validators but it should just be a form control like that.
And now when we picked an image I want to set that image to that image control.
Therefore an on image picked I'll actually not initialize a constant image file here but a variable
left image file and then does even as the result of my conversion here or in daily block image file
is image data because the image data then is a file so that after this if check here we can just call
this form patch value and set that image control we just added to our image file because we can store
that file in our control as well.
And now we have the files stored and we can now work on the form submission and see what we do with
that file.